c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\SharepointWebPartToolPane.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\SharepointWebPartToolPane.pdb
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Administration.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Directory.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\obj\Debug\SharepointWebPartToolPane.dll
c:\users\spsetup\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SharepointWebPartToolPane\SharepointWebPartToolPane\obj\Debug\SharepointWebPartToolPane.pdb
